
Wright-Fisher propagation
=========================

This program propagates populations constructed from genomes generated by a neutral coalescent model, FastSimCoal, available at: http://cmpg.unibe.ch/software/fastsimcoal2/

  Input files are .arp

  A population comprised of diploid individuals is propagated under the Wright-Fisher drift model

  The code can be compiled using a make command, and run by using the executable ./comp_sim_recombine.

  Functional options to the code can be specified at the command line and are as follows:

	--N           [n]   Set the population size to n.  Default is 1000.

	--F           [fl]  Number of founding genomes. Default is 20.

	--tSim        [t]   Run the simulation for t generations.  Default is 300.

	--depth       [d]   Read depth for sequencing, modelled as a Binomial distribution. Default is 100.
	
	--nseqs       [ns]  Number of sequences in .arp file.
	
	--s_out       [so]  Number of sequences exported that belong to the F set.

	--seed        [s]   Set the random seed to s.  Default is the machine time.

	--sel_loc     [sl]  Locus under selection. Default is generated randomly.

	--samp_freq   [sf]  Outputs allele frequencies from the population every (represents the process of sequencing). Default is every 10 generations.

	-- sigma      [S]   Fitness advantage of the selected allele is S (neutral is 0).  Default is 0.

	-- rho        [r]   Rate of recombination per nucleotide per generation is r.  Default is 1e-8.

	-- samp_freq  [F]   Outputs allele frequencies from the population every F generations.  Default is 1000.

	-- file       [f]   Input file name is f.  Default is n2000_1_1_1.arp.

	-- mu         [m]   Rate of mutation per nucleotide per generation is m. Default is 3*1e-9.


Example:

Under neutrality, no recombination, no mutation

./comp_sim_recombine --N 1000 --F 20  --tSim 300 --samp_freq 10 --s_out 1000 --file n2000_1_1_1.arp
